Expand --silence-no-projects to targeted commands (#2969)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/server-configuration.md

  ATLANTIS_SILENCE_NO_PROJECTS=true
  ```
  `--silence-no-projects` will tell Atlantis to ignore PRs if none of the modified files are part of a project defined in the `atlantis.yaml` file.

>   It has no effect if no projects are defined at the repo level.
>   The flag also silences and disables targeted commands (eg. `atlantis plan -d mydir` or `atlantis apply -p myproj`) if the project is not in the repo config.
> 
>   In effect this makes sure an Atlantis server only responds to its explicitly declared projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This flag ensures an Atlantis server only responds to its explicitly declared projects.

  This has no effect if projects are undefined in the repo level `atlantis.yaml`.
  This also silences targeted commands (eg. `atlantis plan -d mydir` or `atlantis apply -p myproj`) so if the project is not in the repo config `atlantis.yaml`, these commands will not report back in a comment.
```

Author: reworded
